How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It helped in locating the lines where the bug was introduced.It will help in modifying the later versions to
remove the bugs.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It will help in developing a program which has all the good qualities of the several versions in the
latest version. Also it will help me in eleminating the bugs I have come across, in the future programs.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros of manual commit: I can do it whenever there is a logical change, so that it can be tracked 
easily.
    Cons of manual commit: If I am not habituated with committing at an approproate time, I will forget
when ever there is a logical change and thus will be difficult to track the differenece.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git allows saving multiple files in one commit as it helps in tracking the changes in all the files together.
However other environments like Google Docs allow one file at a time possibly it helps in looking depper
in the different versions of that file.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log provides the previous commit numbers and the author name and when the files were committed. Git diff 
provides the information on the addtions and deletions between the two comits, and thus helps in determining what change
has happened between two versions.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Version control alerts at the moment things are getting broken.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here

